OSDOCS-18105 [ROSA]: New Feature Log Forwarding in UI (#113857)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-create-cluster-log-forwarding-ui.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * observability/logging/rosa-forwarding-control-plane-logs.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="rosa-create-cluster-log-forwarding-ui_{context}"]
= Create a {product-title} cluster with log forwarding

[role="_abstract"]

> You can set up control plane log forwarding when you create your {product-title} cluster in the {hybrid-console}. As you create your {product-title} cluster, you have the option to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket, `CloudWatch` log group, or both. If you do not want to forward your control plan logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket or a `CloudWatch` log group, you do not need to complete those instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up control plane log forwarding when you create your {product-title} cluster in the {hybrid-console}. As you create your {product-title} cluster, you have the option to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket, `CloudWatch` log group, or both. If you do not want to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket or a `CloudWatch` log group, you do not need to complete those instructions.
```
also, just a suggestion to remove the last sentence since it's clear this is optional (and is reflected in the procedural steps):

```suggestion
You can set up control plane log forwarding when you create your {product-title} cluster in the {hybrid-console}. As you create your {product-title} cluster, you have the option to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket, `CloudWatch` log group, or both.
```

.Procedure

. In the {hybrid-console}, go to *Clusters* -> *Cluster List*, then click the *Create cluster* button.
. On the *Managed services* offerings page, go to the offering, *Red Hat OpenShift Service on AWS (ROSA)*, and click the *Create cluster* button, then select *With web interface*.
. For *Create a ROSA Cluster* -> *Control plane*, select your *ROSA hosted architecture*.
. For *Accounts and roles*, select your *Associated AWS infrastructure account* and *AWS billing account*.
. For the *Cluster settings* -> *Cluster details*, complete the following text boxes:
+
* *Region*
* *Cluster name*
* *Version*
* *Channel*

+ 
In about 20 minutes after you complete this information, your cluster is ready to install and you can continue to configure it.
. For *Machine pool* -> *Networking* -> *Configuration* -> *CIDR ranges* -> *Cluster roles and policies*, complete all of the required text boxes with the specifications that you want for your cluster.
. On the *Review and create* -> *Review your ROSA cluster* page, verify that the cluster details are correct.

> . *Optional*: If you want to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket or `CloudWatch` log group, complete the following instructions:

Reviewer: only UI interface options should be bolded here
```suggestion
. Optional: If you want to forward your control plane logs to an Amazon `S3` bucket or `CloudWatch` log group, complete the following instructions:
```

.. On the *Control plane log forwarding (optional)* page, click *Enable Amazon S3*, or *Enable CloudWatch*, or both.
.. If you enable Amazon `S3`, complete the following fields:
+
* *Bucket name*: Give it a unique identifier across all of {AWS}.
* *Bucket prefix*: Give it an optional path to organize your data.

> * *Select groups and applications* (optional): When you select a group, the log forwarder collects all of the applications and related services from that group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Select groups and applications* (optional): When you select a group, the log forwarder collects all of the applications and related services from that group.
```

.. If you enable `CloudWatch`, complete the following fields:
+
* *Prerequisite*: Verify that you have created an `IAM` role and policy, then click the box stating that you have.
* *Log group name*: Give it a unique identifier.
* *Role ARN*: Give the `IAM` role ARN. For example, `arn:aws:iam::<12-digit-account-id>:role/<role-name>`.
* *Select groups and applications*: When you select a group, the log forwarder collects all the applications and related services from that group.
.. On the *Review and create* -> *Review your ROSA cluster* page, verify that the cluster details are correct.
.. Click the *Create cluster* button.
. If you want to finish completing your cluster with no designated log forwarding destination, click the *Create cluster* button.

.Verification 

> . In the {hybrid-console}, go to *Clusters* -> *Cluster List*  You can see the name and status of your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the {hybrid-console}, go to *Clusters* -> *Cluster List*.  You can see the name and status of your cluster.
```

> . Verify that the status of your clusters is “Ready” and click the name of your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the status of your cluster is “Ready” and click the name of your cluster.
```

. In the *Overview* tab, verify that the details of your cluster are what you specified.
. Go to the *Control plane log forwarding* section.

> .. If you enabled `Amazon S3`, verify that you see *Amazon S3: Enabled*. If you did not set it up, it shows, *Amazon S3: Disabled*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. If you enabled `Amazon S3`, verify that you see *Amazon S3: Enabled*. If you did not set it up, it shows, *Amazon S3: Disabled*.
```

> .. If you enabled `CloudWatch`, verify that you see *CloudWatch: Enabled*. If you did not set it up, it shows, *CloudWatch: Disabled*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. If you enabled `CloudWatch`, verify that you see *CloudWatch: Enabled*. If you did not set it up, it shows, *CloudWatch: Disabled*.
```

> . When you click, *View details*, you are taken to the *Settings* tab and you can see all the specific details for your control plane log forwarding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *View details*, which takes you to the *Settings* tab. Confirm all the specific details for your control plane log forwarding are correct.
```
